edit equipment accent stock equipment (fixes #964) (#1217)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a new `fastutf8` library that provides faster utf8 functions (added by @saibotk, created by @blitmap)
- Added new hooks: `TTT2MapRegisterWeaponSpawns`, `TTT2MapRegisterAmmoSpawns`, `TTT2MapRegisterPlayerSpawns` to allow converting a wider variety of source map ports (by @EntranceJew)

> - Added tooltip to `Edit Equipment` menu with the equipment's class name and outline equipment with `builtin` set (by @EntranceJew)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added tooltip to `Edit Equipment` menu with the equipment's class name and icon for equipment with `builtin` set (by @EntranceJew)
```
Maybe also mention the icon changes in the role menu and shop
